summary 
Software engineer with nearly one year of experience in Linux and Windows-based development, C/C++ programming, and software testing. Exposure to embedded systems concepts, with hands-on work in Qt/QML-based HMI development and Android application development. Familiar with ECU-TEST for basic automation tasks. Knowledgeable in CAN, FLEX, UART, and UDS communication protocols, with experience using Git and version control tools. Comfortable working in Agile-Scrum methodology with a strong focus on scalable system development.
exp.
Software Engineer|Acsia Technologies
Trivandrum
,
India
|
Sep 2024
-
Current

Hands-on training in Linux-based development using C/C++.
Understanding of Linux system operations and file structure, comfortable with Linux-based development.
Familiar with embedded software workflows and development tools.
Android music player system created for an Android-based infotainment system using Android Studio.
Implemented the radio and navigation features in the QT-based HMI as part of the internal POC. Used C++ for backend functionality and QML for UI design.
Developed a Python-based application to conduct automated testing on MINI platforms by integrating ADB, DLT viewer, to build reports.
Familiarized protocols like CAN, FLEX, UDS, and UART, as per automotive standards and ASPICE-based development processes.
skill
C/C++ programming
Linux development
Embedded systems
Automated testing
Android development
Git and version control
Python

prj
ESP32-based Wi-Fi toolkit
ESP32-based tool to perform wireless sniffing and different attacks to test on 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi networks
Used Arduino IDE as the development environment by utilizing core Arduino libraries
Basic user interface implemented using a 0.96-inch OLED display and push buttons for navigation
Used GitHub to track the development progress
Automotive HMI
Build a small vehicle infotainment system using Qt Creator
UI designed using QML and used Qt for backend functionalities
Interfaced free online APIs for getting music, weather, and time used QT signal/slot mechanism for connecting UI with backend logic
